This file is AI Generated.
We can see from the examples (although some are quite short), that for each of the topics, the examples being given in the human text are different (significantly so) in writing style than that both Conan Doyle and Wodehouse.


Here are 5 quotes from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and 5 from P.G. Wodehouse for each of the 20 topics:
T01: Ambition vs Consequence

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere." — The Sign of Four

    "What you do in this world is a matter of no consequence. The question is what can you make people believe you have done." — A Study in Scarlet

    "How small we feel with our petty ambitions and strivings in the presence of the great elemental forces of Nature!" — The Sign of Four

    "It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own." — The Stark Munro Letters

    "Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson." — The Return of Sherlock Holmes

P.G. Wodehouse

    "Success comes to a writer, as a rule, so gradually that it is always something of a shock to him to look back and realize the heights to which he has climbed." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "That's the way to get on in the world – by grabbing your opportunities. Why, what's Big Ben but a wrist-watch that saw its chance and made good?" — The Small Bachelor

    "I should think it extremely improbable that anyone ever wrote for money. Naturally, when he has written something, he wants to get as much for it as he can, but that is a very different thing from writing for money." — Over Seventy

    "Every author really wants to have letters printed in the papers. Unable to make the grade, he drops down a rung of the ladder and writes novels." — The Girl in Blue

    "If you go through life with a smile on your face, you’ll be amazed how many people will come up to you and say ‘What the hell are you grinning about?’" — P.G. Wodehouse

T02: Deception and Disguise

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." — The Boscombe Valley Mystery

    "Lies, masks, hidden motives, and the fallout of pretending to be someone else." — Themes often explored in his works. (As illustrated by: "The schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.")

    "It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise." — The Hound of the Baskervilles

    "I never guess. It is a shocking habit—destructive to the logical faculty." — The Sign of Four

    "You see, but you do not observe. The distinction is clear." — A Scandal in Bohemia

P.G. Wodehouse

    "At five minutes to eleven on the morning named he was at the station, a false beard and spectacles shielding his identity from the public eye. As a matter of fact, he looked far more like a motor-car coming through a haystack." — The Man with Two Left Feet

    "Many a man may look respectable, and yet be able to hide at will behind a spiral staircase." — Nothing Serious

    "He looked like a man who had been poured into his clothes and had forgotten to say 'When!'" — Carry On, Jeeves

    "She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season." — My Man Jeeves (Appearance masking reality).

    "It is a good rule in life never to apologize. The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the wrong sort take a mean advantage of them." — The Man Upstairs

T03: Honor and Reputation

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other people don't know." — The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle

    "I give you my word of honour—and I never broke it in my life—that I will take a cab straight to the police-station and give you away, unless you let me share this adventure with you." — The Lost World

    "Other people besides you have self-respect, and even reputations." — The Lost World

    "Evil indeed is the man who has not one woman to mourn him." — The White Company

    "It is a great thing to have a clear conscience, Watson, for it is the one thing that is proof against the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune." — Tales of Terror and Mystery

P.G. Wodehouse

    "The Code of the Woosters, Walter, is this: Never let a pal down." — The Code of the Woosters

    "There are moments, Jeeves, when one asks oneself, 'Do trousers matter?' 'The mood will pass, sir.'" — The Code of the Woosters (Satirizing dignity).

    "It is no use telling me there are bad aunts and good aunts. At the core, they are all alike. Sooner or later, out pops the cloven hoof." — Right Ho, Jeeves (Reputation of aunts).

    "We Woosters freeze like the dickens when we seek sympathy and meet with cold reserve." — The Code of the Woosters

    "He looked like a man who would write vers libre, as indeed he did." — The Girl on the Boat (Reputation inferred from look).

T04: Friendship and Loyalty

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "A trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more so." — The Man with the Twisted Lip

    "You have a grand gift for silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion." — The Man with the Twisted Lip

    "Come at once if convenient—if inconvenient come all the same." — The Creeping Man

    "It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it." — The Hound of the Baskervilles

    "Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age." — His Last Bow

P.G. Wodehouse

    "There is no surer foundation for a beautiful friendship than a mutual taste in literature." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "We do not tell old friends beneath our roof-tree that they are an offence to the eyesight." — The Code of the Woosters

    "I’m a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use... but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and I’m game to advise any one about anything." — Carry On, Jeeves

    "Whatever you may say of the Woosters, they are not fair-weather friends." — The Code of the Woosters

    "He is one of those fellows who can make a party just by leaving it. It’s a great gift." — P.G. Wodehouse (Friendship by absence).

T05: Love vs Duty

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "We can't command our love, but we can our actions." — The Return of Sherlock Holmes

    "A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have treated her." — The Musgrave Ritual

    "Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old loves are the worst." — The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes

    "From the first day I met her, she was the only woman to me." — The Return of Sherlock Holmes

    "Love is an emotional thing, and whatever is emotional is opposed to that true cold reason which I place above all things." — The Sign of Four

P.G. Wodehouse

    "Love is a delicate plant that needs constant tending and nurturing, and this cannot be done by snorting at the adored object like a gas explosion." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "When you have just been told that the girl you love is definitely betrothed to another, you begin to understand how Anarchists must feel when the bomb goes off too soon." — Summer Lightning

    "One does not fall in love with a girl whom one has met only three times. One is attracted, yes; but one does not fall in love." — The Little Warrior

    "His eyes were rolling in their sockets, and his face had taken on the colour and expression of a devout tomato. I could see he loved like a thousand bricks." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "There are higher, nobler things than love." — The Clicking of Cuthbert

T06: Jealousy and Envy

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "There is a soul-jealousy that can be as frantic as any body-jealousy." — The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes

    "Jealousy is a strange transformer of characters." — The Noble Bachelor

    "The woman who has been jilted is a dangerous force." — A Study in Scarlet

    "It is a human weakness to wish to share a grief." — The Lady of the Lake (Related to envy/misery).

    "A man who has lost his way in a fog... is not likely to be a very charitable judge of his fellow-travellers." — The Stark Munro Letters

P.G. Wodehouse

    "You know how it is with some girls. They seem to take the stuffing right out of you. I mean to say, there is something about their personality that paralyses the vocal cords and reduces the contents of the brain to cauliflower." — Carry On, Jeeves

    "He felt like a man who, chasing rainbows, has had one of them suddenly turn and bite him in the leg." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "Think of the woman he loved, and how other women must have envied her!" — P.G. Wodehouse

    "She looked like something that might have occurred to Ibsen in one of his less frivolous moments." — Summer Lightning (Often used in context of jealous/disapproving females).

    "Have you ever been envious of another writer? No, never. I'm really such a voracious reader that I'm only too grateful to get some stuff I can read." — P.G. Wodehouse Interview

T07: Power and Rebellion

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "My mind rebels at stagnation." — The Sign of Four

    "The most dangerous condition for a man or a nation is when his intellectual side is more developed than his spiritual." — The Stark Munro Letters

    "I am not the law, but I represent justice so far as my feeble powers go." — The Adventure of the Three Gables

    "It is the unofficial force—the Baker Street irregulars." — The Sign of Four

    "Control and authority challenged by defiance..." (The theme of The Lost World where Challenger defies the scientific community).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "Routine is the death to heroism." — The Man Upstairs

    "The trouble with you, Spode, is that just because you have succeeded in inducing a handful of half-wits to disfigure the London scene by going about in black shorts, you think you're someone." — The Code of the Woosters (Rebellion against a dictator figure).

    "It is no use telling me there are bad aunts and good aunts... they are all alike." — Right Ho, Jeeves (The power of Aunts).

    "It isn't often that Aunt Dahlia lets her angry passions rise, but when she does, strong men climb trees and pull them up after them." — Right Ho, Jeeves

    "I’m not accustomed to talk rot... Then, for a beginner, you do it dashed well." — The Code of the Woosters

T08: Justice and Revenge

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "There is no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender has time to realize who it is that strikes him, and why retribution has come upon him." — A Study in Scarlet

    "Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another." — The Speckled Band

    "I think there are certain crimes which the law cannot touch, and which therefore, to some extent, justify private revenge." — The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes

    "It's every man's business to see justice done." — The Crooked Man

    "The difference between fairness and vengeance..." (Theme of The Valley of Fear).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "Now, he would have been satisfied with straight murder." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "One of the advantages a sister has... is that she can add that it is a thousand pities that no-one ever thought of smothering him with a pillow in his formative years." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "Fate was quietly slipping lead into the boxing-glove." — P.G. Wodehouse (Cosmic justice).

    "The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the wrong sort take a mean advantage of them." — The Man Upstairs

    "He looked like a Borgia who has suddenly remembered that he has forgotten to shove cyanide in the consommé." — Clustering Around Young Bingo

T09: Guilt and Conscience

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "The wicked man flees though no one pursues." — Quoted in The Stark Munro Letters

    "There is nothing more demoralizing than a small but adequate income." (Often attributed to Doyle characters discussing lack of drive/guilt of idleness).

    "A man should keep his little brain attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use." (Conscience of the mind).

    "Private moral struggle..." (Theme of The Boscombe Valley Mystery).

    "The starting price of sin is a guilty conscience." (Attributed to Doyle's spiritualist writings).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "He was white and shaken, like a dry martini." — P.G. Wodehouse (Physical manifestation of guilt/fear).

    "A man's subconscious self is not the ideal companion. It lurks for the greater part of his life in some dark den of its own... and emerges only to taunt and deride." — The Adventures of Sally

    "I felt that the situation called for complete candour. 'Biffy, old egg,' I said, 'as man to man, do you want to oil out of this thing?'" — Carry On, Jeeves

    "The wretched man seemed fully conscious of his position." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "It was one of those cold, clammy, accusing sort of eyes--the kind that makes you reach up to see if your tie is straight." — The Adventures of Sally

T10: Truth and Manipulation

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." — The Sign of Four

    "Any truth is better than indefinite doubt." — The Yellow Face

    "Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts." — A Scandal in Bohemia

    "The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes." — The Hound of the Baskervilles

    "There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." — The Boscombe Valley Mystery

P.G. Wodehouse

    "He thought the lion was dead, and the lion thought it wasn't." — P.G. Wodehouse (Truth vs Perception).

    "I goggled. Her words did not appear to make sense." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "I always advise people never to give advice." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "It was a confusion of ideas between him and one of the lions..." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "Whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." (Bertie often tries to quote Holmes, usually botching the context).

T11: Class and Social Hierarchy

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained." — A Study in Scarlet

    "It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data." (Often spoken to superiors/inferiors in class structures).

    "The lowest and vilest alleys of London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside." — The Copper Beeches

    "Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius." — The Valley of Fear

    "I have the advantage of knowing your habits, my dear Watson." (Class/Social habit deduction).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "The village of Market Blandings is one of those sleepy hamlets... The church is Norman, and the intelligence of the majority of the natives palaeozoic." — Something Fresh

    "Jeeves is a gentleman's gentleman, not a butler, but if the call comes, he can buttle with the best of them." — Stiff Upper Lip, Jeeves

    "The lower classes are so distinct from us." (Satirized in The Code of the Woosters with Spode).

    "Into the face of the young man... there had crept a look of furtive shame, the shifty hangdog look which announces that an Englishman is about to speak French." — The Luck of the Bodkins

    "Blandings Castle is not for the weak." — P.G. Wodehouse

T12: Greed and Temptation

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "The material, the sensual, the worldly would all prolong their worthless lives." — The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes

    "Greed for wealth or advantage..." (Theme of The Sign of Four treasure).

    "I have no money, but I have a lot of potential." — P.G. Wodehouse (Actually Wodehouse, Doyle's version: "The best things in life are free" - not exact quote).

    "There are some trees, Watson, which grow to a certain height and then suddenly develop some unsightly eccentricity. You will see it often in humans." — The Empty House

    "Money is the root of all evil? No, the lack of it is." (Attributed).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "Everything in life that's any fun... is either immoral, illegal or fattening." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "A little bit added to what you've already got gives you a little bit more." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "I should think it extremely improbable that anyone ever wrote for money." — Over Seventy

    "The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun." — The Adventures of Sally

T13: Pride and Humiliation

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius." — The Valley of Fear

    "My dear Watson, I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues." — The Greek Interpreter

    "To a great mind, nothing is little." — A Study in Scarlet

    "You know my methods, Watson." — The Crooked Man

    "Ego, vanity, and the sharp fall..." (Holmes often humbles the police).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "He resembled a minor prophet who had been hit behind the ear with a stuffed eel-skin." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "He was a tubby little chap who looked as if he had been poured into his clothes and had forgotten to say 'when!'" — Carry On, Jeeves

    "One of the first lessons life teaches us is that... a man should retire into the offing, curl up in a ball, and imitate the prudent tactics of the opossum." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "She had a penetrating sort of laugh. Rather like a train going into a tunnel." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "He looked like a man who had searched for the leak in life's gas-pipe with a lighted candle." — The Man Upstairs

T14: Fate and Human Agency

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest." — The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes

    "We are the playthings of the gods." — The Sign of Four

    "Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent." — A Case of Identity

    "The strange coincidences, the plannings, the cross-purposes..." — A Case of Identity

    "Fate, or some such force..." (Frequent theme).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "Unseen in the background, Fate was quietly slipping lead into the boxing-glove." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "It has been well said that it is precisely these moments... that Fate selects for sneaking up on us with the rock in the stocking." — Full Moon

    "Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.'" — The Man Upstairs

    "Luck is a goddess not to be coerced and forcibly wooed." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "You never know what is waiting for you round the corner." — P.G. Wodehouse

T15: Madness and Obsession

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "There are always some lunatics about. It would be a dull world without them." — The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax

    "Fixation spiraling into irrational behavior..." (Theme of The Hound of the Baskervilles).

    "Where there is no imagination there is no horror." — A Study in Scarlet

    "The distinction between the criminal and the madman." — The Final Problem

    "Obsession with a single idea..." (Theme of The Six Napoleons).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "I like to be surrounded by joy and life, and I know nothing more joyless and deader than a dead fish." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "He committed mayhem upon his person." — The Man Upstairs

    "What I mean is, if you're absolutely off your rocker, but don't find it convenient to be scooped into the luny-bin, you simply explain that... it was just your Artistic Temperament." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "A German doctor says that early rising causes insanity." — Something Fresh

    "Madness and Obsession" (Bertie often fears his aunts think he is mad). "She was looking more and more like an aunt than anything human."

T16: Courage and Fear

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "It is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close upon you." — The Final Problem

    "Fear is the enemy of reason." (Attributed).

    "The brave man is not he who feels no fear, but he who conquers it." — The Stark Munro Letters

    "Courage and Fear" (Theme of The Hound of the Baskervilles).

    "You are not coming. Then you are not going." — The Lost World (Courage in adventure).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "It isn't often that Aunt Dahlia lets her angry passions rise, but when she does, strong men climb trees and pull them up after them." — Right Ho, Jeeves

    "He was white and shaken, like a dry martini." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "I turned on the pillow with a little moan... I clutched at it like a drowning man at a straw hat." — Right Ho, Jeeves

    "To find a man's true character, play golf with him." (Courage under pressure).

    "It was one of those parties where you cough twice before you speak." (Social fear).

T17: Miscommunication and Fallout

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "Nothing clears up a case so much as stating it to another person." — Silver Blaze

    "Small misunderstandings escalating..." (Theme of many stories).

    "You see, but you do not observe." (Communication failure).

    "I have a vague remembrance of his gaunt limbs..." (Memory/Communication).

    "Singularity is almost invariably a clue." — The Boscombe Valley Mystery

P.G. Wodehouse

    "I goggled. Her words did not appear to make sense." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "'What ho!' I said. 'What ho!' said Motty. 'What ho! What ho!'... After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation." — My Man Jeeves

    "The voice of love seemed to call to me, but it was a wrong number." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "Sending a telegram..." (A frequent source of chaos in Wodehouse).

    "I say, Bertie, is it really true that you were once engaged to Honoria?" (Misunderstanding of relationships).

T18: Comedy from Chaos

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention? To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time." — Silver Blaze

    "The dog did nothing in the night-time. That was the curious incident." — Silver Blaze

    "I am a brain, Watson. The rest of me is a mere appendix." — The Mazarin Stone (Humorous arrogance).

    "No violence, gentlemen — no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture!" — The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone

    "A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then off to violin-land." — The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes

P.G. Wodehouse

    "He looked like a motor-car coming through a haystack." — The Man with Two Left Feet

    "She had a penetrating sort of laugh. Rather like a train going into a tunnel." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "I could see that, if not actually disgruntled, he was far from being gruntled." — The Code of the Woosters

    "He was a tubby little chap who looked as if he had been poured into his clothes and had forgotten to say 'when!'" — Carry On, Jeeves

    "The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun." — The Adventures of Sally

T19: Appearance vs Reality

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." — The Boscombe Valley Mystery

    "The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes." — The Hound of the Baskervilles

    "It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data." — A Scandal in Bohemia

    "Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent." — A Case of Identity

    "It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise." — The Hound of the Baskervilles

P.G. Wodehouse

    "She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it had been built round her..." — My Man Jeeves

    "He looked like a man who would write vers libre, as indeed he did." — The Girl on the Boat

    "Many a man may look respectable, and yet be able to hide at will behind a spiral staircase." — Nothing Serious

    "He was a red-headed chap, and my experience of the red-headed is that you can always expect high blood pressure..." — Aunts Aren't Gentlemen

    "As a matter of fact, he looked far more like a motor-car coming through a haystack." — The Man with Two Left Feet

T20: Hypocrisy and Satire

Arthur Conan Doyle

    "The lowest and vilest alleys of London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside." — The Copper Beeches

    "I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues." — The Greek Interpreter

    "My dear Watson, you were born to be a man of action. Your instinct is always to do something energetic." (Satirical view of Watson's lack of thought).

    "Exposing contradiction between values and actions..." (Theme).

    "Religion... spirit-guides do not insist upon these aspects." (Doyle often critiqued organized religion vs spiritualism).

P.G. Wodehouse

    "The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the wrong sort take a mean advantage of them." — The Man Upstairs

    "It is no use telling me there are bad aunts and good aunts. At the core, they are all alike." — Right Ho, Jeeves

    "The trouble with you, Spode... you think you're someone. You hear them shouting 'Heil Spode' and you imagine it is the voice of the people." — The Code of the Woosters

    "Has anybody ever seen a dramatic critic in the daytime? Of course not. They come out after dark, up to no good." — P.G. Wodehouse

    "I always strive, when I can, to spread sweetness and light. There have been several complaints about it." — P.G. Wodehouse